IGNITE-12955 Add documentation pages for index inline size console command (#8701)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/tools/control-script.adoc

Like `idle_verify`, index validation tool works correctly only if updates are stopped. Otherwise, there may be a race between the checker thread and the thread that updates the entry/index, which can result in a false positive error report.
====

=== Check SQL Index Inline Size

> During the operation of the Ignite cluster it could have a different SQL index inline size on cluster nodes.
> For example, due to the `IGNITE_MAX_INDEX_PAYLOAD_SIZE` property value is different on cluster nodes. The difference
> of index inline size may lead to performance drop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A running Ignite cluster could have different SQL index inline sizes on its cluster nodes.
For example, it could happen due to the `IGNITE_MAX_INDEX_PAYLOAD_SIZE` property value is different on the cluster nodes. The difference
between index inline sizes may lead to a performance drop.
```

Reviewer: I suggest keeping the wording as simple as possible (for example, _During the operation of the Ignite cluster_ = _A running Ignite cluster_ , etc.)

> The `check_index_inline_sizes` command validates the indexes inline size of given caches on all cluster nodes. The inline
> size of secondary indexes is always checked on a node join and the WARN message is printed to the log if differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `check_index_inline_sizes` command validates the indexes inline size of given caches on all cluster nodes. The inline
size of secondary indexes is always checked on a node join and a WARN message is printed to the log if they differ.
```

[tabs]
--
tab:Shell[]
[source,shell]
----

> # Checks that secondary indexes inline sizes are the same on all cluster nodes.

Reviewer: I would rather remove this comment from the tab and put it before the command:

Use the command below to check if the secondary indexes inline sizes are the same on all cluster nodes.

Author: Fixed.

control.sh|bat --cache check_index_inline_sizes
----
--

> The console output if the index inline sizes are different:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the index inline sizes are different, the console output is similar to the data below:
```

Reviewer: A topic comes first, then comes a rheme (a new information about the topic).......
